## RUN PROCEDURE

* Open a terminal and  "npm start".
* Optional arguments: id ip port
* **example**: "npm start backendId localhost 8080" will give the backend an ID="backendId" and start a server on "http"//localhost:8080"
	for frontends to connect to.
	* **Default ID="backend", default ip="localhost", default port=8080
* Data for the database tab is stored locally in `./backend/database/items_data.json` and does not require a running MongoDB instance.

## CONNECTION PROCEDURE: FRONTEND
Please use the following configuration to connect to backend as a client
* ip="localhost"
* port=8080
* namespace="frontend_namespace"
	
**Example code**:

	/******************************************************
	 * Contains backend configuration
	 *****************************************************/
	import socketIoClient from 'socket.io-client';
	/******************************************************
	 * BACKEND DETAILS
	 *****************************************************/
	const backend_ip = 'localhost';
	const backend_port = '8080'; // DEFAULT LISTENING PORT OF BACKEND
	const own_namespace = 'frontend_namespace';
	/******************************************************
	 * Contains backend configuration
	 *****************************************************/
	function connectToBackend() {
		let url = 'http://' + backend_ip + ':' + backend_port + '/' + own_namespace;
		let backend_socket = socketIoClient(url);
	}

	function init_backend() {
		try {
			connectToBackend();
		} catch (err) {
		  console.log(err);
		}
	}

	init_backend();

## EVENT DESCRIPTION

## EVENTS FROM FRONTEND DASHBOARD: 

1. "initialize": Frontend can send this event to load the network on the dashboard.
	1.a: Reply from backend: event "network" with full network as json data.
	1.b: prerequisite: Agents are connected to backend or network is available in mongoDB before frontend sends this event.
2. "start": Frontend can send this event to start data streaming from agents to backend.
	2.a: Reply from backend: In experimental mode (./config/cfg_backend.js/IS_AUTO_SEND_TO_FRONT_ENABLED) backend sends data from
	all agents to the frontend with the "data" event. "data" events are associated with json data with key "id" and "timestamp" which identify
	the agent and time stamp of when the data is generated by the agent.
	2.b: prerequisite: Agents are connected to backend or network is available in mongoDB before frontend sends this event.
3. "stop": Frontend can send this event to stop data streaming from agents to backend.
	2.a: Reply from backend: No event. We might enable "ack" event in future.
	2.b: prerequisite: Agents are connected to backend or network is available in mongoDB before frontend sends this event.
4. "route": Frontend can send this event to route any particular event to the agents. "route" must be associated with data having key "event" denoting
	the event which needs to be routed to the agents.
	example: "route" event with data {"event": "start"} from frontend is equivalent to "start" event from frontend.
	4.a: Reply from backend: No event.
	4.b: prerequisite: Agents are connected to backend or network is available in mongoDB before frontend sends this event.

## EVENTS TO FRONTEND DASHBOARD: 

1. "network": Backend sends this event to frontend with full network information as json data.
	1.a: Trigger: Frontend needs to send "init" event to trigger this event from backend.
2. "data": Backend sends this event to frontend with agent data as json. The data associated with this event will have keys "id" and "timestamp"
	which can be used by frontend to know the origin and time of the data.
	1.a: Trigger: Currently, frontend needs to send "start" event to start data streaming from backend.

## FILE CONTAINING EVENTS 

./backend/frontend/connection/events.js




